docs: add a note to injecting multiple devices docs (#1525)
DiamondLightSource/blueapi: docs/how-to/write-plans.md

:language: python
```

> [!NOTE]

> > In order for this to work, the `MyDeviceComposite` needs to be mae available to blueapi by importing it into the `planFunctions` module where it's needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In order for this to work, the `MyDeviceComposite` needs to be made available to blueapi by importing it into the `planFunctions` module where it's needed.
```

> > In order for this to work, the `MyDeviceComposite` needs to be mae available to blueapi by importing it into the `planFunctions` module where it's needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In order for this to work, the `MyDeviceComposite` needs to be made available to blueapi by importing it into the `planFunctions` module where it's needed. Factories for the individual devices within the composite also need to be available in the relevant beamline device module.
```
